Now we're gonna have a quiz.
I know that you're very
excited about this, but
you can do this at your own pace and
at your own time.
Once again, Estelle Weil has put
together a fantastic little quiz
that has to do with
the speciFISHity of selectors.
And she, of course is the one
who wrote about specificity,
the cheat sheet with the plankton,
the fish, and the sharks.
So here are a whole series of selectors.
You can do this on your own and
it will grade it for you.
So for example,
if I say this one here with the class
of important is 001,
which is incorrect, by the way.
I can check my answers, and
she'll say, well, you got the 0 right,
[LAUGH] but
you didn't get the other numbers right.
So I can switch that around
to what it should be.
And check my answers again.
And it will go ahead and
do that check for you.
So, what I would encourage you
to do is to take some time
to go through her quiz here.
They get progressive more difficult
as you get down the bottom.
And see how you can generate
this three digit numbers.
The greater the specificity of these
numbers, the more likely they are to
apply in the absence of inheritance in
the cascade, which are the extra special
source that sometimes make things work
not the way quite what you would expect.
So feel free to to get some
practice calculating these numbers,
it's a really great exercise and
well worth doing.